It's been a few years since I last took up the mantle of "fullstack web developer", and while building this blog it definitely showed.  I ended up referencing old projects just to make sure my syntax was correct, and felt more lost trying to navigate flexboxes than I did writing my first "hello world" in java.  That being said, I found it was a good exercise in dusting off unused languages, and I noticed a few things along the way:

>Languages are easier to relearn the more of them you know:
    I'll be the first to admit I'm not the greatest at web development, css especially.  I fooled around with it when I was younger, but ended up taking an indefinite "break" after about two months.  When I later took a college course on the topic, I struggled at first to grasp the same topics that previously seemed easy. However, while making this site I didn't feel quite so lost navigating the endless sea of opening tags in my IDE.
    This could be written off as having put more hours in but I've noticed the same thing with other languages. Although I wrote code in high school, I only recently switched my focus over to computer science full time. When I picked python back up near the beginning of last year, it was a struggle to wrap my head around some of the concepts.  But after another yearlong break I almost feel like I haven't skipped a beat.  I realized that despite their differences, having taken a course in C++ recently made for a much easier time grasping the general concepts and logic.
    I can't say this is a total revelation, it's a sentiment you hear echoed by almost all experienced programmers.  But being a (rather dumb) beginner I didn't have that lightbulb moment myself until recently.

>There's an equal amount of value to not coding as there is to coding:
    Writing the files for this site I found that I would get lost in little details every so often.  Not in a bad way, just in a switching css values back and forth between percent and em sort of way.  Or a getting lost in design versus function sort of way.  It's mainly the consequence of my not planning things out very well this time around.  And when I hit those patches the little details might end up better, but my overall productivity definitely doesn't.  
    Over the last year or so I've been making an effort to find and implement systems that streamline my workflow.  I started cleaning my desk consistenly, bought open ear headphones so I could listen to music without shutting off the outside world, and a charging pad to keep my phone charged at my desk, I reorganized my backpack, cleaned up my windows desktop, I even started the hellish project of configuring vim to edit and compile code.  But something that always seems to slip my mind is how much more productive I can be when I make a point of coming up for air every so often.  Small breaks to go make a snack, have a conversation with family or friends, or just stretch my legs, can make all the difference in the long run.

>